well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about what the state of California can
learn from the French Foreign Legion the
Foreign Legion has a mythology all of
its own and it has an image and popular
culture thing is it's been around for
centuries centuries it is said that when
a man leaves the Legion he's a new man
that is quite literally true fact before
he leaves because he has a new name
and a clean slate a second chance
most Americans are familiar with the
Legion through bad movies or maybe from
yen Binh Phu the idea of the ideal
Legionnaire is that he is never criminal
but seldom an angel reality a lot of
them are criminals but they put their
wives on the line and it changes them
doesn't just change their name it as
anything when you face danger like that
it changes you
gen Ben foo for example was a just
vicious battle in what became Vietnam it
marked the end of French involvement and
set the stage for American involvement
in Vietnam the battle was lost because
the French believed the Vietnamese did
not have anti-aircraft and they did that
was a pretty catastrophic failure of
assessment right there but the point is
these men who have this image of these
hardened killers these people that are
just criminals they walk out with a
clean slate the Legion has existed for
centuries if there was a lot of problems
with former Legionnaires breaking the
law again I would imagine the French
would do away with it they haven't in
California right now there is a bill a
b2 one four seven bills whole purpose is
to create a California firefighter
Legion right now there are inmates who
are trained as firefighters and they
help fight the wildfires this bill would
allow them to expunge their records
quickly and then get hired on with state
firefighting units become firefighters
for the state I think California would
be remiss if it doesn't do this imagine
being able to cut down on recidivism
people walking out having paid their
debt to society and then some and
they're walking out with a skill set
that can get them a decent job which
means they won't be in poverty which
means they'll be less likely to commit
crime which will keep them out of jail
this seems like a no-brainer if you can
trust an inmate with an ax probably not
a danger in the absence of real criminal
justice reform this is amazing I
personally don't believe that somebody
should have to put their life on the
line to get a second chance however
given the current situation
if the option is available in it's
voluntary it is what it is and this is
real service this is something that's
helping the community and it's helping
the state while it's helping them
there's no downside to this California
has had some trouble with legislation in
the past this is one they don't want to
miss this is something that could be a
great benefit to the state anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night